avoid using 2nd argument of Array.from that prototype.js does not support (#1464)
rrweb-io/rrweb: .changeset/eleven-bobcats-peel.md

---
'rrweb-snapshot': patch
'rrweb': patch
---

> try to provide clean implementation for Array.from to support older libraries that might drop the 2nd parameter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
better support for coexistence with older libraries (e.g. MooTools & Prototype.js) which modify the in-built `Array.from` function
```
